Once had a little sweetheart, the age of sixteen.
Her parents in Baltimore, the rose of the queen.
Some say I drink whiskey.
Some say that I'm poor.
Some say that I'm not worthy of entering her door.
I know I drink whiskey, but my money is my own.
And those that don't like me can let me alone.
Get down from your seat.
And feed them some way And take a seat by me As long as you stay. My horses are not hungry They won't eat your hay. I'm traveling to Wyoming I'll feed on my way.
Some say I drink whiskey.
Some say that I am poor.
Some say that I'm not worthy of entering her door.
I know I drink whiskey, but my money is my own.
And those that don't like me can let me alone.